Marc, at The Power MBA we
have studied and analyzed
different growth engines.
Every company has its own
characteristics, but there
are certain patterns.
And for example, the case of The
Power MBA, and I say it to
illustrate it, and the case of
Your Ex-Love, are very different.
We invest in customer acquisition,
we have a cost of acquiring
customers, and what we do is
to recover more or less quickly
that investment, it allows
us to reinvest.
That is our growth engine,
in our case it is a bit different.
Because while, like everyone
else, you have to invest in channels
to attract new customers,
there is a strong viral component.
And in fact, one of the growth
engines we determine
is viral.
And it is that, mainly, your
growth is organic.
and exact.
We, from the beginning, when
we were thinking about the product,
we thought about having a product,
as I said before, a product
with a lot of engagement,
retention bar, and then
a product with very organic
growth.
You have been instrumental...
This is partly due to what
we have thought about the product.
Obviously there is one part that
is, when you have a good product,
everyone recommends it.
It is like Zara.
Zara doesn't advertise, but knows trends
very well, and people talk
and have grown without advertising.
But Zara is not viral.
I like to separate it.
Zara is not really viral.
Zara is what is by recommendation,
mouth or ear.
The shops generate a lot of
notoriety, etc.
It is not virality.
I think it is viral.
That is, your product, the use of
the product is designed, in
part, so that you share it with
other people and that you
generate new users.
and exact.
If you can separate it, as you say,
between your mouth or your ear, which
is virality that you can't
measure, we call it so.
Yes indeed.
I had not explained it that way, but it
is true.
And then you have the virality you
can measure.
We would be absolutely not interested
if a user brings us five new users
and we can measure it or we
can't measure it.
The consequence is the same.
And it is true that there is a part of
virality, which is the one you commented
on, the one you can measure.
On Tontium Buttons you can
share clothes with your friends, if they
do not download the app to see those
clothes.
There are ways that all social
platforms affect you in sharing
and inviting...
Capture new users.
This is very common in some countries,
such as Dropbox.
and exact.
Dropbox is a product that is
designed to make growth very
viral, but you can use it
alone.
But if I want to share a file
with you or a video conference
tool, for example, Mark, we'll do
a video conference, I'll
send it to you, I'll send you
the link and it's very likely
you will then use it, for example,
right?
The most popular is WhatsApp.
by WhatsApp.
I cannot talk alone, I can talk
to myself.
In Tontium Buttons you can
use it alone, that's true.
So the virality factor can be slightly
smaller than a platform
like that, right?
But it's true, our platform from one
part of the product is thought to
be viral, but then in itself the
product tends to get people to
share it with their friends
be it mouth or ear, right?
It is not measurable through links
or through those tools.
And you have measured the
impact of all this, that is, what
percentage is organic, what percentage
is paid for growth,
more or less?
Yes, yes, yes, we, and we like to measure
it pretty much everything and, that
is, we know, even paid traffic brings
you organic traffic, right?
In that sense, that is, you also
get virality from paid traffic,
it's not just organic traffic
itself, right?
I mean, I invest 100 euros
on Facebook, I get, imagine,
I get 100 installs, I am not
inventing the numbers, those 100
people enter Twention Buttons and
they share many with their friends
the link, they recommend it to
their friends, so I have those
100 euros really not only provided
me 100 users, they have provided
me a lot more, likewise,
an investment paid also gives
me virality in that sense, and
it is a snowball that is increasing
in that sense, the good thing
is to have a product that encourages
the snowball to go down,
that is that there is a drop,
with which is the idea
of how the product
is structured.
Yes, of course, that growth is ever
greater, organic growth is greater,
the coefficient of that we analyze,
that if the virality coefficient
is greater than one, of course,
your growth is exponential
at that time and the costs of
acquiring customers in the end
tend to be almost zero.
They go down, depending on what you
want to continue investing so
that that exponential curve
is greater or less fast, as
you say.
Effectively, and from the
perspective of, let us analyze
the growth engine from the
perspective of income generation,
the financing of that
engine, etc.
Do you understand this, do you understand
the users?
Do you monetize them over a
period of time?
How do you finance this growth, etc?
We at first is a model that requires
to be capital intensive, that
we do not hide and the rounds
we have made are public, with
which it is a model that at the
end you need to have
a user on your platform, you
need to have a good product
so that that user ends up
buying, but that purchase can
reach you on day 1, you can
reach day 10, you can
reach day 50, you can not
arrive.
Yes, but you have estimated a few half.
Exactly, so if we want to grow
fast, we need to break
that circle because with the
money that comes into the box you
could go growing gradually
but you could not launch 5
markets in the following year.
I will put you a case that is the opposite,
which is the case of Hawkers.
Hawkers grew so much because
he could fund his growth directly
from the margin he is getting
day by day, which in our case,
in the case of Poverty,
is a bit similar too.
It is less capital-intensive,
if you get a lot of money you
grow much faster and it is
beneficial.
You told us that in our case it
is not so, the customer lifetime
value you receive over time,
so that with that you could finance
your growth, but as your ambition
is, because you have a spectacular
product, your ambition is
to grow as fast as possible,
because it is better to put
more gasoline and grow
faster.
Exactly, if I want to be market
leader in this sector, I can't
expect to grow with the
money we get thanks to monetization.
If I delay, I invent it, 10 months
to recover the cost of a user, I
can not wait 10 months to be able
to acquire another user,
I need to be able to acquire it
the next day, and that day
I have to finance it with
external money.
The key growth engine methods
in this case I understand would
be customer lifetime value,
customer acquisition cost, CAC
payback, which is the time you
recover that, which depends
on customer lifetime value, obviously,
and the percentage of the
organic versus the paid.
At the end, it is in the
CAC.
It really has an impact on the CAC.
It depends on what you consider to
be CAC, whether it's just the cost
of acquisition for a user, or if
it's the users who just connect,
then you assign the cost of the
users who are from the chart,
of the users who no longer follow.
That is, at the end you have to
compare pears with pears, and that's
where you want to introduce it.
But yes, there is no more.
It is how much a user gives you
and the profit you can get.
How much a user gives you, how much it
costs you to capture it, how long you
recover that investment, and how you
do to generate that engine that allows
you to grow as quickly as possible.
If you can do it with what you generate
the business, phenomenal.
If in this case the deadline is
longer and you want to be a market
leader, what you have to do is
inject money.
It all depends on the strategy you
have inside.
It's true that what it means is that
you are eventually selling shares
of the company to external investors,
but it's also true that you can
get a higher return because
you have a much larger company at
the level of users, at the
level of countries in which you
are present.
of course.